Polish Registry Server docs: requirements, upgrade, auth (#744)
stacklok/docs-website: docs/toolhive/guides-registry/intro.mdx

   - Syncs both MCP servers and skills (upstream format)
   - Does not support publishing

## Registry Server and the rest of ToolHive

The Registry Server is a standalone service. It is separate from the built-in
catalog that the ToolHive CLI and UI ship with for browsing public MCP servers.
The pieces work together:

- The CLI's [`thv search`](../reference/cli/thv_search.md) and
  [`thv registry`](../guides-cli/registry.mdx) commands query the built-in

>   catalog by default, but can also point at a Registry Server you host.

Reviewer: This tells the reader the capability exists but not the mechanism - `thv config set-registry` is what actually points the CLI at a self-hosted Registry Server. Suggest tweaking to give the reader the concrete hook instead of leaving them to hunt for it.

```suggestion
- The CLI's [`thv search`](../reference/cli/thv_search.md) and
  [`thv registry`](../guides-cli/registry.mdx) commands query the built-in
  catalog by default, ...but can also be pointed at a Registry Server you host
  with [`thv config set-registry`](../reference/cli/thv_config_set-registry.md).
```

Author: Applied in 6e73766 - the bullet now links to `thv config set-registry` directly so readers see the concrete hook.
